Update cloud fast-forward process doc section (#881)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/release-process/release-overview.md

**Process for merging the `master` branch into the `cloud` branch**

> * Every two weeks on a Monday, the Server Team opens PRs in server, api-reference, and enterprise repositories to merge the `master` branch into the `cloud` branch \([example PR](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/pull/18916)\).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Every two weeks on a Monday, the Server Platform Team opens a PR in the server repository to merge the `master` branch into the `cloud` branch. \([example PR](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/pull/18916)\).
```

Actually we can follow the same process for `api-reference` and `enterprise` repositories as we do in the webapp repository.

   * Merge conflicts are fixed and release database version is bumped as needed.

> * For webapp branch, the current `cloud` branch is deleted and a new one is created from the ``master`` branch. A backup of the `cloud` branch is saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For webapp, api-reference and enterprise cloud branches, the current `cloud` branch is deleted and a new one is created from the ``master`` branch for each. A backup of the `cloud` branches are saved.
```

> * Devs and Release Manager should be aware of the dates when a `master` branch is merged into a `cloud` branch in order to be mindful of avoiding having incomplete features in a Cloud release, and to include bug fixes that we may want to include in a release.

Author: Let me know if there is any other information that could be added here. Carlos/Adolfo were asking about the process, so I will request their reviews on this too.
